Project: Group Project 06
Meeting: Meeting 4
Persons present: Jan Kumanek, James Beech, Jack Harding, Jordan Springett, Steve Norwood, Luke Dearden, Dan Hodgkins, James Elliott, Michael Kitchen, Anand Gill, 
Persons absent: Charlie Parr (No excuse)
Place and date of meeting: C165, 21th October 2014
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Steve Norwood
Date of minutes: 21st October
Version: 1.0
Matters Arising
Minutes
Change meeting numbers and check versions. Send out minutes in a .txt file as well as a .docx for all to read.
Action: sjn3
Holiday
Jordan holiday this weekend. Gregynog people will be away. Jack to make google calendar. 
Website bootstrap
We believe that it’s all okay to use bootstrap for the website.
New Business
Google Docs
Jordan to set up google docs for documentations before pushing to git to stop conflicts
Action: Jordan
Project Plan
Each group needs Use Case, Dependencies for Gantt Chart, UI designs (with explanations), Jot down things that may be difficult, or thing’s that will cause problems. Jack will put up a list to confirm the above for each group, along with important documents for the task. Each task will need a name to sign off (one name per task), with names for each sub-task also. Confirm who’s doing what task by Wednesday, for completion by Friday’s meeting.
Action: all
Other module deadlines
Find the deadline’s for other module deadlines to ensure that a large workload won’t occur near someone’s deadline. Add to google calendar mention previously
Action: Jack
Friday Meeting
Book a room in the Geography Concourse for the meeting.
Action: Jack
Website Domain
Find out where we will be putting the domain for the website, to avoid using our own usernames.
Action: nns
Blogs
Ensure all work is recorded in a document or a blog. Write a document with everyone’s blog/area where they are recording work to find everyone’s records easily. Send blog locations to Jack
Action: All 
Documents to read
SEQA.RS SEQA.03
Action: All
AOB
Absence
Jack chase up where Charlie was
Action: Jack
